master
=======

v0.10.1
========
  * Add more information to Project API resource
  * Fix bugs in activity index

v0.10.0
========
  * Upgrade to Django REST framework 3
  * `sections` field in Note API resource is now a writeable multi-valued
    field. This is in contrast to the previous approach, where note sections
    were treated like separate, individual resources independent of the note.
  * `related_topics` fields in API resources should now be links, not names

v0.9.0
=======
  * Upgrade to Django 1.7
  * Refactor application loading based on changes in 1.7

***NOTE: Because of the upgrade to Django 1.7, this version of Editors' Notes
uses Django's internal migrations framework instead of that provided by the
South module. To upgrade to v0.9.0 from an older version of Editors' Notes, you
must first deploy v0.8.6 and apply all of the old South migrations.***

v0.8.6
=======
  * Add LogActivity model to keep track of users' actions outside of reversion
  * Add tests for activity logging
  * Upgrade to Django 1.6
  * Upgrade to Reversion 1.8.4

v0.8.5
=======
  * Add transcript link to Document API serializer
  * Add 'Add/Edit Transcript' button to Document editing view
  * Hide Note and Attachment fields from Zotero editing form

v0.8.4
=======
  * Allow draggable widgets to work on tablets
  * Fix bug where clicking on autocomplete search results would direct a user
    to a page generated by django-rest-framework
  * Fix bug where special characters would break search queries

v0.8.3
=======
  * Fix minification issues.

v0.8.2
=======
  * Fix some npm/browserify issues, especially for deployment.

v0.8.1
=======
  * Add this file.
  * Animate section handles as they are dragged away from the bar.
  * Add a view for displaying user feedback.

v0.8.0
=======
  * Finish moving to Backbone/API admin rather than using django.forms.
  * Add tests to Backbone & misc JavaScript code.
  * Enable i18n in client-side generated things using `jed`.
  * Improvements to admin interface all around. More opportunities to add items
    inline.
  * Feedback button docked on left side of the screen.
  * In general, puts codebase on more solid ground so that future releases can
    contain more progressive improvements rather than the upheavals of the last
    few.
